personal thing then here just to record but I doubt it defies counting
they will start us apart from him
the challenge of today to be
face that challenged and was the video is coming up
Let's see what he plus two
my challenge you ration the colors of september makes you nodded assent
I knew you won with knowledge becky would like to propose a
challenging and challenging
it's funny not marking the eurozone
is the following he did not specify will be greater and more the deceased
specific
If you want me to play alone, you're going to vicky if you stay in the comment that your
life role with 32 years to Haiti
what's up
the meat and recorded the face of the goals that are the turn of my weight in the
he bag
comedy but was canceled
what's up guys
Good, there's a guy starting now It's starting from this Wednesday, you can still reach
this year due to the good cargo
but whoever has watched them are not cool and let's go
since being able to kick start and mana
to the samu and then commented on his mother for now
39 of the street
hugo
was the
the new animation in the market
he is outlawed
with strong home about career out there
It's ridiculous, man.
it's a guy
The idea has no crystal ball and I never understood it either.
It's a guy, it's good, right?
- is very difficult
but an electric treadmill
complaints that left me in the face
area will be competing with the non-cooperable air chorus will take
record body
cheers that went blank
the ball made a social protest and vanguard
this plays in the fourth will be impossible to boot or live alert his promise /
Do you want to send everything filmed and now?
the goal in the payment
it's the vanity or seeing that it's going to be possible to see armed man aveiro win a face
of taió through the reach of the African union will be hurt now
the highways d
people do not worry will not close your page but there are doubts
As for the challenges so far, seven days have been said to be the
the better the people I'll go
I do not know how to leave the series
always active
I until now there was no one to expose themselves otherwise turki
of the broad MP speaking live playing or not
The world does it very well doing this.
herveiras imagined for me you had no grip
I discovered that the date of the resignation of a stab in the Andes
other
our project has no religion
I feel a connection thus giving a ball
here in New York this is Formula 1
I discovered that it was not called so it is so large
report it
absolutely right
also in that year before
Mozambique is the merchant's account here
I do not know or even know each other.
we are humiliated in the head
tel they were mentally ill
on Sunday such changes
they were with a problem on the television I was black and white
wait
- are several
that's right
bra suppose the markets that sonnen
the last domino but only seven months is
the invitation
serious then go how much less me better because
he must have seen the hand of works to send messages
let's act now we are two happy new year balloonists
we got Thursday
only missing the last time in June 2006
river - the president of ancient Egypt the 5th
I leaned aside with her boyfriend so much that I have money
seven rebounds
it's an excellent option
weinstein such a bis will rararará
we want to continue
in the investigation phase
lancenet an online system
it's very positive
her mother surrounds her
I will light the light in an inclusive way.
the uol favela of the north
the future
driven by action affirmed
the dutch is my fun
the harvest the elano player
that's it I said I liked those that know which of the two elected follow me
on twitter vacations and I also think I will
ef
strong marcio
through him you are ambassador of the delegation in the
if you liked a lot of favoritism, of course, if you did not force enough magellan
then fire
it will be worse
norm is on the street of the shop windows of online stores
3 thousand
the net
I caught mane
he gives us to finish here they did not get hold of us 2 and 3 and he said everything right
said in crowd